# 22_08_28

Unmoving Plaid Texture Shader
* Material - overlay material
* shader graphs in unity - similar to Unreal

Dialogue
* what does opening mail look like
* different treatments to text
* generally we'll need a flat rectangle with text in it
* disco elysium style text -- like a column on screen. maybe try to avoid longgg wide text box

GDD
* kellie is intrigued by trying to find someone (ie elder scrolls, get context from the environment + people), less puzzley
* question: how many people are in the town?
* nicole: what's the goal? where are you getting enjoyment? go to different people and learn about the town
  * is it a mystery
  * is it about learning about the town
  * if the player experience is about how personal mail is 
  * why do people write letters? -- creating intimacy over distance
  * learn about the senders of the mail, who are they? why?
* WHo does this game appeal to?
  * using letters to learn about a character or how to get around a town or learn internal emotions about themselves
* 3 &  4?
* something about travel (letters travel, they travel across time "sent this letter in a year", post humous letters)
* Roman poet recieved news of his brother's death, "hello and goodbye" 
* sending messages _take time_ <-- 
* are responses interesting? assume they're watching (AND THEIR LETTERS ARE REACTIONS)
* sending letters as a need for guidance/pray (from earth -> spirit?)
  * a different take on prayer
  * the interaction is never the other way around
  * gods are powerful but they don't have control over mortal  --> prophecies
  * checking in with punished or rewarded people?
* What if its ONE way but BOTH ways
  * letters to earth take place at a concentrated amount of time
  * letters to heaven take LONGER than mortal time
* chain mail spam
* sign searching = send packages w/o words, vague communication to the earth realm
  * do gods interact with the mortal plane abstractly?
  * maybe the mailman is a kind of interpreter


ENDING:
Produce a MVP and chill to see what happens

Meetings 2 Weeks
  
